README.md, before:

# TNWiki Banners & Logo, for 2018

## What is this?

* [TechNet WIKI Images gallery](https://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/33222.technet-wiki-images-gallery.aspx)
* [TechNet Wiki Banners for 2017 – Winner](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/wikininjas/2017/01/31/technet-wiki-banners-for-2017/)
* [TechNet WIKI gallery 2017](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/TechNet-gallery-2017-d5d7dc34)


## Guidelines (Create a banner)

1. Avoid copyright infringement! 
You must avoid using images that are not yours when you create a Facebook banner.

2. The banner should fit Facebook groups
    1. Facebook banner size: make sure you create a banner with the right size. Facebook banners are 851 x 315 pixels.
    2. Facebook add buttons above the image on the right bottom corner. Make sure that the buttons fit the image. Make sure the buttons do not cover something in the image like the name “TechNet, Wiki, Microsoft, and so on)
    3. It is recommended to test your banner! You can create a temporary group and test your banner. When we choose the best banner we do the same. We will test it on Facebook in order to confirm that it fits well

3. Be creative, Keep it fresh

4. You are welcome to get help from friends who are photographers or illustrators. Don’t forget to add their name and their Facebook page.

Commit message:

Updating more info
Added guidelines and more help steps - Wok in progress

README.md, after:

# TNWiki Banners & Logo, for 2018

## Description
This repository is a place where all curators can submit their creativity in the shape of images.

### What is this?
At a glance:
1. [TechNet WIKI Images gallery](https://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/33222.technet-wiki-images-gallery.aspx)
2. [TechNet Wiki Banners for 2017 – Winner](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/wikininjas/2017/01/31/technet-wiki-banners-for-2017/)
3. [TechNet WIKI gallery 2017](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/TechNet-gallery-2017-d5d7dc34)


## Guidelines (Create a banner)

1. Avoid copyright infringement! 
You must avoid using images that are not yours when you create a Facebook banner.

2. The banner should fit Facebook groups
    1. Facebook banner size: make sure you create a banner with the right size. Facebook banners are 851 x 315 pixels.
    2. Facebook add buttons above the image on the right bottom corner. Make sure that the buttons fit the image. Make sure the buttons do not cover something in the image like the name “TechNet, Wiki, Microsoft, and so on)
    3. It is recommended to test your banner! You can create a temporary group and test your banner. When we choose the best banner we do the same. We will test it on Facebook in order to confirm that it fits well

3. Be creative, Keep it fresh

4. You are welcome to get help from friends who are photographers or illustrators. Don’t forget to add their name and their Facebook page.

P.S. the banner should fit Facebook.

### How to contribute?
If you Want to contribute. You just need to follow steps before Making a pull request (PR) to [develop](/tree/develop) branch.
1. To start with your first submission: you should have a valid GitHub account.
   In case you do not have a GitHub account, please go and create one (its free) - [Join](https://github.com/join).
2. Login to your GitHub account
3. Make a [Fork](https://github.com/pituach/TNWiki_Banners_and_Logo_2018#fork-destination-box) to this repository. Fork is available on Top-Right navigation. It will create a clone copy in your account.
4. Add your image - please refer to [guidelines](#) before creating any image.
5. Commit your work
6. Make a Pull request (PR)
7. Our moderator(s) will review and accept your work.

## Collaborators
List collaborators:
1. [Pituach](https://github.com/pituach)
2.
3.

## License
License information
